add CLI for Workflows management (#108)
backtrace-labs/backtrace-morgue: README.md

- `warning`: the warning threshold for the trigger.
- `critical`: The critical threshold for the trigger.

## Workflows

Morgue supports managing workflow connections, integrations, and alerts, by using following subcommands:

```
morgue workflows connection [create | list | get | update | delete] <options>
morgue workflows integration [create | list | get | update | delete] <options>
morgue workflows alert [create | list | get | update | delete] <options>
```

### Managing connections

> Managing connections requires an universe to be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managing connections requires a universe to be specified.
```

> If it is not set via config or login, specify it by `--universe`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If it is not set via config or login, specify it with `--universe`.
```

Author: updated

  "pluginId": "jira",
  "options": {
    "baseUrl": "https://my-jira.atlassian.net",
    "authorizationOptions": {
      "type": "basic",
      "username": "user",
      "password": "myPassword"
    }
  }
}
```

#### Update a connection

```
morgue workflows connection update <options> <connection id>
```

By using `--from-file`, you can load connection spec from file.
Arguments provided by CLI will override the file spec, but they may not be required anymore.

Options:

- `--name` - `string` - connection name, if updated
- `--options` - `object` - partial connection options specific to plugin ID, if updated
- `--from-file` - `string` - load connection spec from file
- `--raw` - `boolean` - output raw JSON

Example:

```
morgue workflows connection update \
  --name changedName \
  --options.authorizationOptions.type basic \
  --options.authorizationOptions.username user \
  --options.authorizationOptions.password changedPassword \
  10
```

#### Delete a connection

```
morgue workflows connection delete [options] <connection id>
```

Options:

- `--raw` - `boolean` - output raw JSON

Example:

```
morgue workflows connection delete 10
```

### Managing integrations

> Managing integrations requires an universe and a project to be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managing integrations requires both a universe and a project to be specified.
```

> If the universe is not set via config or login, specify it by `--universe`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If universe or project are not set via config or login, specify them with `--universe` and `--project`.
```

Author: updated

> Specify the project using `--project`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: updated

  - `synchronizeIssuesOnAdd` - `boolean` - in file spec
- `--connection` - `int` - connection ID to use by the integration, optional (some plugins require a connection for integration)
  - `connectionId` - `int` - in file spec
- `--from-file` - `string` - load integration spec from file
- `--raw` - `boolean` - output raw JSON

Example:

```
morgue workflows integration create \
  --project myProject \
  --name myIntegration \
  --plugin s3export \
  --options.bucketPath s3://my-bucket \
  --options.credentials.awsAccessKeyId key \
  --options.credentials.awsSecretAccessKey secret \
  --options.attributeList attr1 \
  --options.attributeList attr2
```

Example of file spec with above options:

```
morgue workflows integration create --project myProject --from-file spec.json
```

```json
// spec.json
{
  "watcherName": "myIntegration",
  "pluginId": "s3Export",
  "options": {
    "bucketPath": "s3://my-bucket",
    "credentials": {
      "awsAccessKeyId": "key",
      "awsSecretAccessKey": "secret"
    },
    "attributeList": ["attr1", "attr2"]
  }
}
```

> #### Update a integration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Update an integration
```

Author: updated

```
morgue workflows integration update <options> <integration id>
```

By using `--from-file`, you can load integration spec from file.

> Arguments provided by CLI will override the file spec, integrationy be not required anymore.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Arguments provided by CLI will override the file spec, but they may not be required anymore.
```

Author: updated

Options:

- `--options` - `object` - partial integration options specific to plugin ID, if updated
- `--state` - `enabled|disabled|stopped` - integration state, if updated
- `--synchronize-issues` - `boolean` - whether Backtrace to 3rd party issue synchronization is enabled (only for ticket managing plugins), if updated
  - `synchronizeIssues` - `boolean` - in file spec
- `--synchronize-issues-on-add` - `boolean` - whether Backtrace will synchronize issues from 3rd party on adding them from link (only for ticket managing plugins), if updated
  - `synchronizeIssuesOnAdd` - `boolean` - in file spec
- `--connection` - `int` - connection ID to use by the integration, if updated
  - `connectionId` - `int` - in file spec
- `--from-file` - `string` - load integration spec from file
- `--raw` - `boolean` - output raw JSON

Example:

```
morgue workflows integration update \
  --project myProject \
  --options.bucketPath s3://new-bucket-path \
  --options.attributeList attr1 \
  20
```

> 

Author: I do not think we need JSON files for update examples, the create examples already cover this.

#### Delete a integration

```
morgue workflows integration delete [options] <integration id>
```

Options:

- `--raw` - `boolean` - output raw JSON

Example:

```
morgue workflows integration delete 20
```

### Managing alerts

> Managing alerts requires an universe and a project to be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Managing alerts requires both a universe and a project to be specified.
```

> If the universe is not set via config or login, specify it by `--universe`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If universe or project are not set via config or login, specify them with `--universe` and `--project`.
```

Author: updated

> Specify the project using `--project`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: updated

#### List alerts

```
morgue workflows alert list [options]
```

Options:

- `--raw` - `boolean` - output raw JSON

Example:

```
morgue workflows alert list --project myProject --raw
```

#### Get one alert

```
morgue workflows alert get <alert id>
```

Options:

- `--raw` - `boolean` - output raw JSON

Example:

```
morgue workflows alert get --project myProject 30
```

#### Create an alert

```
morgue workflows alert create <options>
```

By using `--from-file`, you can load alert spec from file.
Arguments provided by CLI will override the file spec, but they may not be required anymore.

Options:

- `--name` - `string` - alert name, required from CLI or file spec
- `--condition` - `object` - alert condition, required from CLI or file spec:
  - `--condition.name` - `string` - can be one of:
    - `group`,

>     - `trace`,

Reviewer: Should we define group and trace?

Author: Added some descriptions to them.

in the same fashion as `--sort` on list, though `;count` is unsupported (for
that, ad a `--count column` aggregate). The components of a trigger are as
follows:

- `column`: The column the trigger is for, for example `fingerprint`.
- `index`: The index of the aggregate for the specified column.
- `comparison`: Either `ge` or `le`. Controls whether the thresholds are `>==>
or `<=`the query's returned values.  Most triggers will use`ge`.
- `warning`: the warning threshold for the trigger.
- `critical`: The critical threshold for the trigger.

## Workflows

Morgue supports managing workflow connections, integrations, and alerts, by using following subcommands:

```
morgue workflows connection [create | list | get | update | delete] <options>
morgue workflows integration [create | list | get | update | delete] <options>
morgue workflows alert [create | list | get | update | delete] <options>
```

### Managing connections

Managing connections requires an universe to be specified.
If it is not set via config or login, specify it by `--universe`.

#### List connections

```
morgue workflows connection list [options]
```

Options:

> - `--raw` - `boolean` - output raw JSON

Author: as it is a switch, `false`

Example:

```
morgue workflows connection list --raw
```

#### Get one connection

```
morgue workflows connection get [options] <connection id>
```

Options:

- `--raw` - `boolean` - output raw JSON

Example:

```
morgue workflows connection get 10
```

#### Create a connection

```
morgue workflows connection create <options>
```

By using `--from-file`, you can load connection spec from file.
Arguments provided by CLI will override the file spec, but they may not be required anymore.

Options:

- `--name` - `string` - connection name, required

> - `--plugin` - `string` plugin ID, required

Author: We do not. There is no spec also for the integration/connection options.

I can write something up for S3 Export, but I would not do this for rest of the plugins right now.

> - `--plugin` - `string` plugin ID, required

Author: The example works fine.

Not sure what you mean by the describe endpoint? How will it help here? We do not have describes also for new plugins.

- `--options` - `object` - connection options specific to plugin ID, required

> - `--from-file` - `string` - load connection spec from file

Author: >By using `--from-file`, you can load connection spec from file.
>Arguments provided by CLI will override the file spec, but they may not be required anymore.

> - `--from-file` - `string` - load connection spec from file

Reviewer 2: its not obcious based on the options description

> - `--from-file` - `string` - load connection spec from file

Author: I've updated the README with more information and examples.
